SPEAKER_00: My mind. All the other religions focus on, so what is Buddhism to you? What's gonna happen to me after I die? Give me an example of why. But Buddhism doesn't try to answer that. Yeah. This table will always be here. This rock will always be here. Be like a tree. Be like a tree. Be like a... In Buddhism. So now I get the expectation, attachment, the suffering. I get we all suffer. We get sad when we don't get what we want. Why can't I be attached to something that is always going to be there? Tree. I had an incredible experience in my company. You know, we hire a lot of people, and people come and go. Learned so much, inspired so much. Now to the next challenge. I finally understood it. I'm not gonna work here forever. Is that the difference? Yes. Then you love your parents, and then it's hard every time. It took me many, many years to learn how to be happy to see them go. Every person that I work with, and somebody comes in for two years, three years, you love working with them. You love them, but then they quit. Then they're fired. Is the thief of joy. Really? Expectations, and then... So I finally get it. So are you attached to your parents? To your kids? Attachment. But you're not attached to your parents. Yeah. Didn't realize that until recently. Why does attachment cause suffering? It's good to be attached. It's good to be attached to your boyfriend, to your girlfriend. Be like a tree, my friend. Bruce Lee says be like water. Tree. Is there anything that's not subject to change? And what does it mean not?

SPEAKER_01: Mind is everything. What you think, you become. The Buddha said, the true nature behind your life and your mind. Yes. The main goal in Buddhism is to understand in the world. You have only this moment. So what is the arrow in life? Nothing more, nothing less. And Buddhism is all about you. Stay for... The Buddha said, nothing is forever except the change. What is it? That is the process of changing. This table will toll, love, five, ten years. Dalai Lama once said that, do not try to use Buddhism to be a better Buddhist. Try to use Buddhism to be a better version of what you already are. But it is subjected to change. And attachment are two different things. But tree stays the same as the big tree. You expect them to make you happy and ask, why are you not making me happy? That's the truth of this world. Free. Everything is subjected to change. But when you get attached to someone, we expect a lot. When you love someone, and profound, and you love seeing them grow and becoming happy. But nothing lasts forever. When we expect a lot, sometimes we don't get it. When we don't get it, we become sad and we suffer. Happiness. And my affection to them. To be attached to your parents. Not to expect certain things from them, and not to expect them to make me happy. When we get attached to things, but to give my love, my care. I love my parents, but I try my best not to be attached to them. You have to be like a tree. Yes. Think of your company like a tree. A big one. The birds come, and they eat the fruits, and they be happy. And they go. You cannot control, you cannot do anything about it. We get attached to people, we get attached to things, we get attached to experiences. The reason why we suffer, is because there is attachment in our mind. You don't own your future. It is about, you live in this moment. In Buddhism, there's a saying, you don't own your past. The suffering. Mind is the most powerful thing, and then you will be happy. The Buddha says, do not ask where it came from, who shot it. You should ask, how can I get out this arrow? That if you got shot by an arrow, you let go of the attachment. Yes. What about my mind? That is the only question. Yes. Because that is what you really need to focus on. Because, let go of the attachment. In Buddhism.

